yahoo youtube 620 and today i show
you heard a bug from gran turismo 5
I 'm a little bit so just cost
Three or four are terrifying things
worn here
you need the brdc lucia or celik
or whatever he believes 406 lp
me or 409 places for sure
then you also have saison challenges
go and in the series so
front wheel drive series
should choose the daytona change
Please drive in this car if possible
without oil change so that really
little power has somehow 410
is immediately louder in any case
under 410 power points then you can
you are that paragraph it is
no real back is it actually
A tactic continues as long as it does
go behind the others and
the slow car doubles again
your points better yours
for the fast and your money and
our longer you drive behind all the more
more wind shadow you have us all the more
experience gets us that
therefore tactically driven are also the
slower car and the slow dare
just for that but also as I said
there is a bonus for this bonus because
you drove slower than that
other
We see the car pulls actually
very good with and if you are in
wind shadow then one drives anyway
more quickly
The whole thing takes 25 minutes and me
have the whole video here now
but you see we have 239 now
got third
I always have 440 first place
got and now the
points of experience 23,000 points of experience
that should be enough to determine if
You always learn and you can
keep repeating and that was
then the bank you saw
become third because then on
started at the front
so it really has to come in part
happiness on, I was usually start
start or are all on one
heap
and when they are all in a heap
would have to animal experiments in the fourth to
lie to the fourth rank behind it
stay so fifth place is the belief
I
and if in the direction of 500 just before
the fifth round you have to start
the full throttle to overtake then
he gets really nice ep for the level
and also nice money for this
slow carbon out and that was it
then I say goodbye again
me and until the next time goalie